
Shiftomatic Staffing Calculator Plan

Steps
1) Define problem
2) Learn how to create a calendar in Python
3) Learn how to print this calendar in excel format
4) Learn how to add tasks or test to this calendar in a formatted way
5) (Simplfy the problem)Create an algorithm that can work with a team
of two people working only day shifts 

The Problem to solve: It takes hours to layout staffing rosters taking
into account public holdays, staff vacations, day and night shifts and
the maximum number of hours each employee should work. It also takes
employees a long time to determine how many additional daily workers are 
neeed if the existing staff can't cover for them. This problem is the 
same across many countries with differing labor laws.

The solution: A program that automates shift planning given an input
of different user defined parameters. 

The output: Individual calendars for staff and a master calendar for 
supervisors in Excel format.

Users: Low computer knowledge workers, in multiple countries
writing in multiple languages, who have only a basic understanding
of how computers work. A simple GUI and ways to correct mistakes will be
necessary.

Target Computers: Windows machines Linux, OSX and
even being able to put it on a website. Initially it should work on Windows
machines


Variables the user will need to input.
Language: French or English (the program then switches to that language)

Day shift, night shift, swing shifts and vacations 
should be noted by a letter or word so people can easily read it
on the printed calendar. Calendars should be accessible to people who
cannot read well so simplicity is important. 

Calendars should be formated to fit on an A4 sheet of paper. 



#To do: Import modules

#To do: Create variables for user inputs.
#Variables: to create, month and year for calendar. Names of staff (0-inf)
#Number of hours in a day shift, number of hours in a night shift, 
#hours in a swing shift, dates of each employees' paid vacation start and end,
#date of any public holidays during the month, max hours an employee can
#work per month. unpaid vacation or leave for each employee if known, 
#number of days in a working week, number of day shifts needed between-
#night shifts, max number of consecutive night shifts allowed per 
#employee

#To do: calculate the shifts given the user input

#Export calendars: to a user defined spot on their computer


